now let's dial in an Coulter you know
her conservative columnist and she's
been in the news a lot in the last
couple of days and good mornin thanks
for joining us today in Florida tell us
what happened on board this Delta flight
um well it was before boarding I'd
picked out the seat I wanted I was in
the waiting area
boarding area for ninety minutes and
then as I was boarding the ticket agent
snatched the ticket out of my hand and
said no we've given you a different seat
and I said why and she said emergency
and I went onto the plane I took the
seat that was originally mine because it
was empty and then know that the seats
filled up a woman came back stewardess
asked for our tickets and I said well
this was the seat I booked but they
moved me to another seat I don't want
and she said you have to move and I said
but why and she said I don't know and it
was not an elderly person a sickly
person a very tall person I wasn't asked
and it's been three days now and Delta
still hasn't gotten in the next one or
given an explanation much less an
apology moreover they are are snarking
and being very snippy on on twitter i
bob is tweeting about it on the way home
i couldn't do it on the plane because
there was no Wi-Fi on Delta but there
they just won't say why they say it was
inadvertently given away inadvertent no
you have to go into a computer and
change the and change the ticket and
print out two new ones that's not
inadvertent and and you paid thirty
dollars to have that extra legroom and
they moved you to repeat without it is
that true that's what the articles are
saying that's false no I know no this is
what this is the only reason I don't
like doing satellite TV it's so much
more fun when I'm in studio with people
it's much easier but they're lying so
much about this and that that was one of
the smart snarky tweets they sent out
oh we're refunding your $30 no it's not
about the $30 you gave me a more cramped
see apparently Delta isn't familiar with
its own aircraft as a frequent flyer I
am
and on the right side of aisle 15 you
have a lot more legroom it's a good seat
there's a reason I went on and at
Delta's invitation picked this
particular seat
they won't explain why they took the
seat that I picked okay so and they you
had the extra legroom sheet and they
gave you another seat was it an extra
legroom seat or was it the regular one
but not as much okay it was but not as
much that's what I'm telling you I'll 15
I hate to be giving away frequent flier
secrets but on nicotine on this
particular Airbus left leg room it was
window seat not an aisle seat and the
snippy 'no Saburo funding near $30 no
that isn't the point why won't you
explain what happened why didn't anyone
explain to me at the time why didn't you
ask me to move as I say you know I'd be
perfectly happy to move for for an old
person for an Air Marshal very clearly
that wasn't that wasn't this that's why
I took a picture of the passenger
because I knew Delta would lie about it
and of the stewardess because I knew
they'd say we have no idea what you're
talking about
they're just they've been unbelievably
arrogant here here's a few that here's
the tweet storm that's going back and
forth you said this originally at Delta
didn't give me extra didn't give me my
extra room see to an Air Marshal for a
tall person here's the woman given my
pre-booked seat and of course there you
took a picture of her and then you added
this tweet just when you think it's safe
to fly again the worst airline in
America is still Delta and then Delta
employee questionnaire what is your
ideal job prison guard animal handler
policeman all of the above hired and
I've got a feeling you may not go back
oh here's Delta we are sorry you did not
receive the preferred seat you paid for
and we'll refund your $30 additionally
your insults about our other customers
and employees are unacceptable and
unnecessary Delta tweeted back so I
obviously there's some hurt feelings
here it doesn't sound like you're ever
going to be flying a delta again well I
don't know if they're going to be flying
much longer you see their stock
collapsed yesterday
look they may think this is very witty
to be firing back at me on on Twitter
after behaving rudely again no
explanation no apology just here you
often move for this other person what is
the reason for that
I mean they've had four days to
investigate why did they do this it's
not like yes it's not the worst thing in
the world but is it that hard for Delta
employees to simply be polite and simply
give passengers the seat that they
booked is that such a high hurdle Delta
that oh we can't be expected to do this
I didn't insult their employees I admit
I did insult the airline but I insulted
them really by describing what they did
that was the big insulting thing no you
shouldn't deal you shouldn't describe
how you are tweeted on treated on our
airline that's an outrage well after
appearing today and the tweets as well
maybe Delta will get back to you today
and if they do let us know what they say
would you have absolutely okay let's see
how this ends all right and thank you
very much for joining us today from
Florida thanks Ann no health care sorry
we were talking all about the Delta seat
[Laughter]